I'm rather a romantic in terms of the navy. I love the history I love
the traditions. I love the things we do, so it's hard for me to believe
that everybody should want to be part of the navy. But you have
to look in your own soul, the kind of person you are and what you're
looking for in life. I enjoyed the team effort, I enjoy technology,
I enjoy machinery. I am at peace when I'm on a large peace of equipment
that that I can feel vibrating underneath my feet. There's a life
to that kind of machinery that I don't get any place else. But it's
hard for me to say about you, you have to again understand what it
is you like what it is you like to do, and what it is you're seeking
life